demystifying-web/explaining-the-internet: Rework session content structure (#10)
security-summer-school/essentials-security: chapters/demystifying-web/explaining-the-internet/drills/tasks/they-see-me-running/README.md

> # They see me running

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# They See Me Running
```
Change all headings to [title case](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Title_case)

> There' s a quiz server running on the remote host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a quiz server running on the remote host.
```
